oh my goodness team STG I don't know
what's going on right now to kick justin
i was five minutes ago the review of 2k
pro and i don't we talked about this
week we really didn't know what was
going to be in this new mode for 2k16
but they just announced it i just saw
the two minute trailer once i'll try
uploading it on youtube very soon for
you guys but I'm telling you this is
everything we've asked for we knew it
was gonna be a five-on-five concept type
of thing but we really didn't know the
details in this game mode but oh my god
dude twitter is going crazy everybody is
going crazy they listened to us all the
thing let me talk to you guys about this
man instant matchmaking number waiting
for 500 eyelets it's the matchmaking do
we've been waiting for this t must hit
j2k six he's gonna have instant
matchmaking you think that said no
there's so much more customizable quotes
you're gonna customize your course they
had a little video like Stephan curry
faces all around the court like it's
customizable customizable stuff on the
side the logos on the side you had a
customize your own Jersey that's back to
yo team scg this is crew mode it's
finally back for 2k16 I am so hyped up
instant matchmaking like I can't explain
to a hyped-up I am for that you get your
squad you get your customizable Jersey
the head such cool looking Jersey that
everybody gets to where you get to
customize your own arena like you got to
customize your own arena you're not
playing in a regular like you don't have
the rec centers because the rec center
no it's your own customizable arena it
looks so epic team STG I've so hyped up
I'm gonna try to get this trailer for
you guys as soon as I could maybe you
can go ahead and go into case witter
page and go watch it but oh my goodness
let me know the comments down below what
you guys think we got instant mash me I
forgot this leaderboards too hey Kelly
reports Dubrow leaderboards oh my god
team STG we got leaderboards we got
instant matchmaking we got customizable
jerseys customizable courts customizable
logos you got so many more things I'm
just so hyped up let me know the cow is
down below we finally doing work
5on5 this is cool I'm Heights up uncle
my Labor's are awake so I don't have to
I don't have to hold back in my
screaming I'm Friday yo hope you guys
enjoyed them in the comments I'm know
what you guys think i will get this
trailer out for you guys as soon as I
can oh my goodness rowboats ha we r
height yo who's on my squad